com/example/adoptrapp/databinding/FragmentSearchBinding.java
 com.example.adoptrapp.databinding.FragmentSearchBinding
com/example/adoptrapp/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.adoptrapp.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/adoptrapp/databinding/ActivityRecycleViewBinding.java
 com.example.adoptrapp.databinding.ActivityRecycleViewBinding
com/example/adoptrapp/databinding/ProfileActivityBinding.java
 com.example.adoptrapp.databinding.ProfileActivityBinding
com/example/adoptrapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.adoptrapp.BuildConfig
com/example/adoptrapp/databinding/AdminActivityBinding.java
 com.example.adoptrapp.databinding.AdminActivityBinding
com/example/adoptrapp/databinding/FragmentBlankBinding.java
 com.example.adoptrapp.databinding.FragmentBlankBinding
com/example/adoptrapp/databinding/SupportTicketActivityBinding.java
 com.example.adoptrapp.databinding.SupportTicketActivityBinding
com/example/adoptrapp/databinding/ActivityCreatePostBinding.java
 com.example.adoptrapp.databinding.ActivityCreatePostBinding
com/example/adoptrapp/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 com.example.adoptrapp.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
com/example/adoptrapp/databinding/ViewUserActivityBinding.java
 com.example.adoptrapp.databinding.ViewUserActivityBinding
com/example/adoptrapp/databinding/FragmentArticleBinding.java
 com.example.adoptrapp.databinding.FragmentArticleBinding
com/example/adoptrapp/databinding/FragmentInboxBinding.java
 com.example.adoptrapp.databinding.FragmentInboxBinding
com/example/adoptrapp/databinding/ViewReportActivityBinding.java
 com.example.adoptrapp.databinding.ViewReportActivityBinding
com/example/adoptrapp/databinding/NavigationActivityBinding.java
 com.example.adoptrapp.databinding.NavigationActivityBinding
com/example/adoptrapp/databinding/ToolbarLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.adoptrapp.databinding.ToolbarLayoutBinding
com/example/adoptrapp/databinding/ActivityListDisplayTemplateBinding.java
 com.example.adoptrapp.databinding.ActivityListDisplayTemplateBinding
com/example/adoptrapp/databinding/ActivityForgotPasswordBinding.java
 com.example.adoptrapp.databinding.ActivityForgotPasswordBinding
com/example/adoptrapp/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.adoptrapp.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/adoptrapp/databinding/ItemWithImageBinding.java
 com.example.adoptrapp.databinding.ItemWithImageBinding
com/example/adoptrapp/databinding/LandingActivityBinding.java
 com.example.adoptrapp.databinding.LandingActivityBinding
com/example/adoptrapp/databinding/RegistrationActivityBinding.java
 com.example.adoptrapp.databinding.RegistrationActivityBinding
com/example/adoptrapp/databinding/CreatePostActivityBinding.java
 com.example.adoptrapp.databinding.CreatePostActivityBinding
